# SoftballTech-Razor

This is a learning project for myself, and it is not expected to be useful to the world at large. However, my LI post discusses some speed bumps that I encountered that might be interesting for others just learning about Razor Pages and deployment to Azure. 

For this next step on my Learning Journey, I wanted to resurrect part of an old website I developed in an early version of ASP.Net. The website, SoftballTech, handles schedules, scores, and standings for a variety of recreational sports organizations. 

I chose ASP.Net Core's Razor Pages using Entity Framework Core (EF Core). I am hosting this in an Azure Web App, and it is currently using Azure SQL as the database (this may change in the future).

As of the initial commit, this is a read-only site. My next step will be to allow score reporting, which will then update the standings in real-time.

Users can view the Scheule and Standings for several divisions for the sports of softball and hockey. Note that hockey standings include OT losses which are not used in softball. Both standings are handled by the same Razor page, showing the flexibility of EF Core and Razor.

Under the Admin section, you will see a page used to load schedules, and a set of CRUD pages for viewing and editing Divisions within an organization. (The Admin pages are disabled for this public version of the website.) Most of the code on these pages was automatically generated by Visual Studio, which is obvious from the mundane styling (which I am not very good at anyway, so I just left it as is). There was a lot of duplicate code in these pages, which I refactored into a base class.

I will update this ReadMe when users can play around with score reporting to see it in action.

Here is the [link to the site on Azure](https://sbt.azurewebsites.net/). And here is the [LinkedIn post.](https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:share:7103818213188091904)
